feat: JS performance docs (#2133)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/config/index.mdx

- **[Basic Options](./basics/)**

  Learn more about how to configure the JavaScript SDK. These options are set when the SDK is first initialized, passed to the `init()` as an object. This page also discusses the Hooks `beforeSend` and `beforeBreadcrumb` as well as transport options.
  
- **[Performance](./performance/)**

>   Learn more about how to configure Performance for the JavaScript SDK. It provides examples of more advanced use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn more about how to configure Performance for the JavaScript SDK, including examples of more advanced use cases.
```
